my name is paola betancor my name is
Juanita Ardila and what we like is
ride in skate
I'm equal to two masters
when I want
I started riding skate more than anything
because many of my friends practiced
skate then like when a sometimes
leads them to accompany those ride
one was like it will be like the
intrigue and also from tiny as
for my sister because I had a brother
I was in a coma for a while then
I also never had a final cousin
then the little tomboy that there is in
I needed to get out somewhere
met a group of skate friends and
I started as if I wanted to
I want to learn I want to learn then
a friend lent me a table we started
in classes with him and then
I started twice a week I bought my
table and already happy already rode alone
I work because I am a designer but
independent I have two brands and here not
I am independent I think that also
you have as stress and many things in the
head and I think the simple fact of
come here try to do the trick of
wine is helping you
as you are leaving the head of
concentration otherwise you laughed
heads after cut is like a
more or less liberation from work
this is that there is that I am not rather
it's a hobby
I enjoy a taste I say that I
disconnect a little routine I
I feel like free I love receiving the
wind
I feel happy as disconnected
I believe that
that I'm not so tense and could not be
for this fear of falling
I have already gone several times and I am also
very vain and the scrape and the
recovery and I'm very afraid
i
I do not even consider myself simply
I like the skateboard for me the skateboard
it's like the ones in there like moms say
that the seam of the psychologist the skateboard
with the psychologist and one that comes one to
bounce energy
Well, how to exorcise is more or less
doing that
I'm too feminine and I think
too much dessert the day to day of my life
but I enjoy too much to be
walk I think it 's that women
We are famous that those machorras but
not all of them are me at least
very feminine female and I love the
skate that is a more masculine sport
I think it's something like it's in one
without function is female will retain that
femininity in everything I do and so I do
is that there is also that I also
I like to take care of myself I like to make up what
I enjoy and I do not think that one thing like that
clash with the other or intervene too
I like how like those that are followed
watching or that we continue to see women
we are women or modules we can do
desserts mounted on skateboard and sorry no
it has to affect anything